All right.
So we have the media, everything is working, single upload, multiple upload, everything.
Jordan We have the selected file as well.
So the only thing left is when you create a new post, now you want to send this all together.
All right, so let's fix that.
So on.
Submit.
So we have this function that executes when you click the button.
This.
So here in the new.
We have this function handle pop, right?
So we are sending the title content and categories.
Now we can send this featured images as well.
All right.
So what are we can do?
We can call it featured image and the value give.
That will be media
selected.
Don't.
You are out.
Okay, so you want to take you to the media, then try to access the selector and they have that to
you and to send the.
You actually, instead of here, we can save the object, the IED, just like we've been doing with
the categories posted by, you know, all of them.
For example, posted by we don't have the posted by user's name.
Instead, we save the user's ID.
Now, based on that later, we can use properly to get all the information.
All right, so we can do the same thing.
So selected dot id so we can actually send the ID instead of fear.
Oh, we do that.
And then when we get the successful response that time, you don't want to keep seeing the preview,
you want to remove that so else.
We do that before we redirect, said media.
Media Show.
Media model.
False or actual?
Do not know.
The social media model.
The selected.
Selected Make it district.
All right, beautiful.
So when we send, we sending the featured images, and when we get the successful response, we remove
the selected one so we don't show the preview anymore.
Now, for this to work, you have to make sure the featured image property is in the post model.
So previously we didn't have that.
This is a concept we thought about a bit later.
All right, so in that case, you want to make sure you have this in your model first.
So let's go to your server, go to model model's post and to here.
I'm sure we don't have that.
So we don't have.
So let's end that here.
To featured in this we want to add one more property and this one also will be saving the IED and it
will refer to the media model.
Oh, that's beautiful.
So once you have that, you can actually save the featured image as well.
Now let's go to the post controller.
Control of force.
So when we are creating a post, let's have a look at that.
So when you're creating a post.
We are doing all this for categories.
We create a new post title content categories
so we can make a small turns here.
So title and content we get in the request body, right?
Title content we get and we also get the featured images in the request body.
Now these fields are dynamic, so we have to use drug free to give this long categories have been generated
dynamically using this function to get the ideas posted by okay so these fields can stay, but let's
remove the content and title.
All right.
So instead of what you can do, you can just spread out requests for 40.
Now, when you do that, you get the title.
We get the the content and any other information.
For example, if there is featured images that will also be available here.
So when you spread out like that, when you create a new post titled Content Featured Images, all of
them will be there and all these are distinct properties also will be there.
And when we save, everything will be there.
I guess to do this, make this change and we can give it a try.
I guess so.
Here posts.
So so far none of the post have the feature image.
So let's try one.
Let's try creating a new one.
You repost title.
Let me just to use some dummy down and see what I can find.
I'm still in the Scottish end index doesn't really matter.
School is too beautiful.
And to some categories react note.
All right.
Let me let me see.
We have the featured image.
Let's continue using that.
If you don't have, you can upload.
All right.
So let's.
Click published.
By the way, if you want to show this here in the preview, you can do that as well.
But since you already know it will be, there it is.
That's not no point.
But you can, obviously.
So the selected one is okay, so let's click on this.
Beautiful post created successfully.
We have been redirected back.
Now when you go to edit, we don't actually see the the featured image but we will bring that that's
that's really easy since we have these component media component, we can simply bring that component,
put it there, and it'll be very straightforward.
All right.
So let's have a look here.
Let me just give it a refresh.
And moving forward very soon, we will be now able to.
So all these posts, you know, landing bays, maybe on landing bays, or maybe clear another base called
Post.
And we want to show all these beautiful posts that we have created.
We want to show something like this.
We want to show like that.
So the featured image, so the post title and when they click, we show the full content.
And so we're going to implement something like this, which would be awesome.
Let's have a look.
This is my focus and that's still the old one.
WordPress inspired me a library and this one has the featured images.
The object, right?
Beautiful.
Now obviously I've divided is not useful, but when we are sending the response from our controller,
we can use dart populate and that will give us the in more information about the images it will give
us the URL created did push to invoke where we created the post just like here.
Beautiful.
Now moving forward, we're going to.
What are you going to do is so all the media so here in the if they go to the media library I want to
show all the images available we have in the database just like you can see here.
So when you go here, we saw the existing collection too, and I saw that and I give the delete option
as well.
So we work on this one and then we're going to move on to showing the posts on the the home.
Home on the page here.